I want to stay in the jungle huh
you wouldn't last one day I'm not afraid
I I can look out for myself say no what
help we here oh it's a man-cub a
delicious man like uh-oh go away and
leave me alone
that's just what I should do but I'm not
no now please go to sleep man-cub
no you arguing anymore no more talk to
the morning he won't be here in the
morning hmm
no yes he will i ha hold it calm oh my
sinus you have just made a serious
mistake my friend a very stupid dinner
no no no no car I was a mistake look me
in the eye when I'm speaking to you
please can most eyes if you
you have just sealed your doom look
again look look Kara we got figure huh
just you wait I get you in my coils he's
got a he's got a magnet here